what's going on guys and welcome to
behind the scenes true mobster virgins
we are doing another take on our GTA 5
multiplayer unfortunately our last
attempts didn't work so what was we
actually have like loads been playing to
us we are in quite a lively car park so
have to get this all in one take but the
ghost work should go well if it doesn't
and they're all gonna be running so
we're here again on location if cut down
the team by half hopefully fingers
crossed we actually listen today this is
on station or a whole time you in front
of your right I'm Danial and then just
swallowed a nobody here yeah there it is
be the same without it I'd like to see
no but I'll take
dead
what is your twitter you can read music
subscribe add me on minecraft I love
Michael everyone I go through
also keep your eyes on Alex this time
you were you trying to do what I saw our
first take this is exceptionally risky
because we got kicked out and all the
time not good do it in about one minute
so stay tuned if you see the video up
it's it's a successful film and Jamie's
phone there's this 57 we're filming upon
each pod yet follow it it was really
good on you would also thousand valleys
and accessories like tour in one side
bananas means chance that's our that's
our code word if I specially since I
rose I'm package around it oh stop sign
makes a little guys we did this this
we're gonna metric on this hand that's
our attempt to keep them away yeah
considering the feet on first attempt
was rubbish and we got kicked off
premises
so we've got Malcolm are designated
driver Kimi over there Jeremy canal
that's up me obviously you know me if
you'd be much much Brad I've got our
gorgeous caramel me from Gary's not one
behind the scene do it
so we're filming the final scene today
going on the boat perfect weather
Satan
yeah she do more seems like the good day
and I yes next we need helicopters are
supplemental don't know why I the
helicopter bogus team one team one wait
wait a team that's a one person crew we
just filmed off last seen the boat scene
wasn't last scene but it is one of the
loss was we doing and that was fucking
everything up the back absolutely
we just found an awesome distant
location 60 so sweet ones Korea there's
our anyways down there and shit and
faster and this is so far that's a
perfect it's so fun it's just been
everywhere oh my god this is fucking do
not hard gap or if you have told you
about this whole Jess Chris you should
have told us about this along oh my god
we've got an awesome location i think
austrian like it what Dean's day got mr.
Reese but they mean by jumping I don't
know siphon in the papers nigga day and
I've come a month on God him some love
here he is you need to know where my way
to go how to get some I don't use google
maps just ask j you know it's better
just go straight on through the bendy
road stray on customer guys in the band
play house with sound really really
really cool okay so fucking awesome
location he's getting really good help
you like runner wanting someone jump
into it
look an axe any good it's an awesome
team let's get up move it out Oh discuss
ya know you location at all right we
just found an awesomely location I want
to meet everyone so what's happened we
what's the time a hot fire over for me
and there we've got lots in seems
it's officially died Damian put it
intensive care Reese letters killed
Leslie from bakeries thank you Doug no
baby yeah perfect for you can hold short
all right let's go nuts so that sucks
with the sea